If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
Your family tree is not a tree, it is a round circle.
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it.
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
Your mama is so fat not even Dora could explore her.
Hey, you have something on your chin... 3rd one down..
You're not fat, your just horizontally tall.
Take that mask off, Halloween isn't until October.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
Do aliens exist? Wait that's a stupid question, I'm looking at one right now.
You could be very useful in the army; your face kills faster than any gun or bomb.
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
Your head is so big that you put the moon out of business.
You're so fat that when you jumped into the Atlantic Ocean, it turned into the Atlantic Desert.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
Being a dick won't make yours any bigger.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
You're so fat when you walk past a window, we lose sun for four days.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me it's your village, they want their idiot back.
Everyone is created for a reason. I never doubted that until I met you.
The only thing that goes erect when I'm near you is my middle finger.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Your mamma so poor she ran after a garbage truck with a shopping list.
What died on your neck? Oh - it's your head.
You're the reason why tubes of toothpaste have instructions on them.
I’ve seen more meat on a lettuce.
You’re nothing but spare parts for me.
If he was any more inbred, he’d be a sandwich.
You continue to meet my expectations.
Why don't you move away to another country? That would help us raise the average IQ in this country by at least 50%.
It's impossible to underestimate you.
May you search for your children with a Geiger Counter.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's really hard to pronounce.
Look! It looks just like a penis only smaller.
Your secrets are safe with my indifference.
You're like the first slice of bread in the packet, everyone touches you but no one wants you.
If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You're as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit.
You have the moral backbone of a chocolate eclair.